README.md, before:

## nodecopter-stream

html5 live stream from your 
[Parrot AR Drone 2.0](http://ardrone2.parrot.com/).

This is a proof of concept implementation using ffmpeg and ffserver and
a webm live stream.

You need a recent version of ffmpeg (together with ffserver) installed.


Install via Github to get the *latest* version:

```bash
npm install git://github.com/bkw/nodecopter-stream.git
```

Launch the server:
```bash
node stream.js
```

... and then open index.html in a recent browser (firefox, chrome, opera).


##TODO

* implement more stream types (HLS!)

* compensate tcp latency by dropping frames until the last I-Frame in the
  buffer, see:
  * https://projects.ardrone.org/boards/1/topics/show/4282,
  * https://projects.ardrone.org/attachments/450/paveparse.zip

* experiment with different encodings, bitrates and other ffserver settings

* make sure ffserver exits on process exit

* reduce CPU usage of node (suspect: parsing frames that could be dropped)

* find out if we really need to parse the PaEV frames out of the video
  stream, the much simpler stream2.js seems to work just fine
  (with much less cpu usage)

Commit message:

add comment about ffmpeg version

README.md, after:

## nodecopter-stream

html5 live stream from your 
[Parrot AR Drone 2.0](http://ardrone2.parrot.com/).

This is a proof of concept implementation using ffmpeg and ffserver and
a webm live stream.

You need a recent version of ffmpeg (together with ffserver) installed.

Known to work is ffmpeg 0.11.1.git-1ad63ff (ffmpeg-devel from macports).


Install via Github to get the *latest* version:

```bash
npm install git://github.com/bkw/nodecopter-stream.git
```

Launch the server:
```bash
node stream.js
```

... and then open index.html in a recent browser (firefox, chrome, opera).


##TODO

* implement more stream types (HLS!)

* compensate tcp latency by dropping frames until the last I-Frame in the
  buffer, see:
  * https://projects.ardrone.org/boards/1/topics/show/4282,
  * https://projects.ardrone.org/attachments/450/paveparse.zip

* experiment with different encodings, bitrates and other ffserver settings

* make sure ffserver exits on process exit

* reduce CPU usage of node (suspect: parsing frames that could be dropped)

* find out if we really need to parse the PaEV frames out of the video
  stream, the much simpler stream2.js seems to work just fine
  (with much less cpu usage)
